Vik v2 (#387)
VikParuchuri/marker: README.md

## Convert a single file

```shell
marker_single /path/to/file.pdf
```

Options:
- `--output_dir PATH`: Directory where output files will be saved. Defaults to the value specified in settings.OUTPUT_DIR.
- `--debug`: Enable debug mode for additional logging and diagnostic information.
- `--output_format [markdown|json|html]`: Specify the format for the output results.
- `--page_range TEXT`: Specify which pages to process. Accepts comma-separated page numbers and ranges. Example: `--page_range "0,5-10,20"` will process pages 0, 5 through 10, and page 20.
- `--force_ocr`: Force OCR processing on the entire document, even for pages that might contain extractable text.
- `--processors TEXT`: Override the default processors by providing their full module paths, separated by commas. Example: `--processors "module1.processor1,module2.processor2"`
- `--config_json PATH`: Path to a JSON configuration file containing additional settings.
- `--languages TEXT`: Optionally specify which languages to use for OCR processing. Accepts a comma-separated list. Example: `--languages "eng,fra,deu"` for English, French, and German.

> - `-l`: List all available builders, processors, and converters, and their associated configuration.  These values can be used to build a JSON configuration file for additional tweaking of marker defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config --help`: List all available builders, processors, and converters, and their associated configuration.  These values can be used to build a JSON configuration file for additional tweaking of marker defaults.
```
